[Laravel] Adding the "Getting started" guide for Laravel (#3882)
platformsh/platformsh-docs: sites/friday/src/get-started/stacks/laravel/faq.md

---
title: "FAQ"
weight: 200
description: |

>     Troubleshoot issue you might encounter using [Symfony](https://www.symfony.com/), a PHP framework on {{% vendor/name %}}.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Troubleshoot issue you might encounter using [Laravel](https://laravel.com/), a PHP framework on {{% vendor/name %}}.
```

    ],
],
```

{{< note theme="warning" title="Warning">}}

If you log deprecations, make sure you **also** log them on `stderr`.

{{< /note >}}

## What's this "Oops! An Error Occurred" message about?

The *Oops! An Error Occurred* message comes from your app and is automatically generated based on the Laravel error template.

### The server returned a "500 Internal Server Error"

If your app's working as expected locally but you see the previous error message on {{% vendor/name %}},
it usually means you have a configuration error or a missing dependency.

To fix this issue, search your application logs.
They likely contain an error message describing the root cause:

```bash
{{% vendor/cli %}} logs all
  [app] [14-Aug-2020 10:52:27 UTC] [critical] Uncaught PHP Exception Exception: [...]
  [app]
  [php.access] 2020-08-14T10:52:27Z GET 500 2.386 ms 2048 kB 419.11% /
  [access] 78.247.136.119 - - [14/Aug/2020:10:52:27 +0000] "GET / HTTP/1.1" 500 843 "-" "Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_15_6) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/84.0.4147.125 Safari/537.36"
```

If the error occurs on a preview environment,
or on the main environment of a non-production project,

> you can also enable Symfony's dev/debug mode to inspect the cause of the error:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can also enable Laravel's dev/debug mode to inspect the cause of the error
via the `APP_DEBUG` [environment variable](./environment-variables.md) in your
`.environment` file or via [{{% vendor/cli %}} console](/development/variables.md):
```

```bash
# Enable debug mode

> {{% vendor/cli %}} env:debug

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export APP_DEBUG=1
```

# Disable debug mode

> {{% vendor/cli %}} env:debug --off

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export APP_DEBUG=0
```
